.TH voltairedb.py 1
.SH NAME
voltairedb.py \- Perform an automated analysis of a provided image or dump processes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B voltairedb.py scan 
[\fB\-h\fR] \fB\-s\fR \fISRC\fR [\fB\-d\fR \fIDEST\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR \fIPROFILE\fR] [\fB\-e\fR \fIES\fR] [\fB\-l\fR \fILOG\fR]

.B voltairedb.py dump 
[\fB\-h\fR] \fB\-s\fR \fISRC\fR [\fB\-d\fR \fIDEST\fR] 
\fB-p\fR \fIPROFILE\fR \fB-i\fR \fIPID\fR
[\fB\-e\fR \fIES\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B voltairedb.py scan
runs an automated analysis of the memory image and stores
the results in a database for further processing.

.B voltairedb.py dump
dumps a single process from the memory image and stores it on disk.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
(\fBscan\fR|\fBdump\fR)
Select the mode, analyse of the memory image or process dump.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help\fR
displays the help. If preceded by \fBscan\fR or \fBdump\fR, provides the
contextual help.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fIDEST\fR, \fB\-\-dest=\fR\fIDEST\fR  
Use \fIDEST\fR as the destination directory for the database, log and files
dumped. By default, set to \fB./voltaire\fR
.TP
\fB\-e\fR \fINUMBER\fR, \fB\-\-es=\fR\fINUMBER\fR
Optional, provide a "ES" number for the resulting data. The files will be named
ES\fINUMBER\fR (ES01, ES02 ...). Default is "1".
.TP
\fB\-i\fR \fIPID\fR, \fB\-\-pid=\fR\fIPID\fR
Only for \fBdump\fR, \fIPID\fR of the process to dump.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR \fILOG\fR, \fB\-\-log=\fR\fILOG\fR
Optional, use \fILOG\fR to capture the output.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIPROFILE\fR, \fB\-\-profile=\fR\fIPROFILE\fR
Use \fIPROFILE\fR as the memory image profile for
.BR Volatility.
Optional for \fBscan\fR, if not present, an attempt will be made to detect
automatically the profile. Mandatory for \fBdump\fR.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fISRC\fR, \fB\-\-src=\fR\fISRC\fR     
Use \fISRC\fR as the input file (memory image). Mandatory both for
\fBscan\fR and \fBdump\fR.




